Refactor documentation (#305)
banzaicloud/logging-operator: docs/Readme.md

   </a>
 </p>

## Contents
- **[Installation](./deploy/README.md)**
  - [Deploy with Helm](./deploy/README.md#deploy-logging-operator-with-helm)
  - [Deploy with Kubernetes Manifests](./deploy/README.md#deploy-logging-operator-from-kubernetes-manifests)
- **[Supported Plugins](./plugins/Readme.md)**
- **[Custom Resource Definitions](./crds.md)**
- **[Troubleshooting](./troubleshooting.md)**
- **[Fluentbit Configuration](./fluentbit.md)**
- **[For Developers](./developers.md)**
- **[Monitoring](./logging-operator-monitoring.md)**
- **[Security](./security/README.md)**
- **[Examples](./docs)**
  - [Amazon S3 Output](examples/example-s3.md)
  - [Amazon CloudWatch Output](examples/cloudwatch-nginx.md)
  - [Elasticsearch Output](examples/es-nginx.md)
  - [Grafana Loki Output](examples/loki-nginx.md)
  - [Kafka Output](examples/kafka-nginx.md)
  - [And more...](./examples)
- **[Scaling](#scaling)**
- **[Requirements](#requirements)**
- **[Contributing](../README.md#contributing)**
- **[Blogs](#blogs)**
- **[Licence](#License)**
---

## Scaling

> In high scaling infrastructure the monitoring/logging components are also under huge pressure. The typical sign of this overload is when the fluentd can not handle its buffer directory size growth for a significant time. In this case, we can scaleup the [component.](./crds.md#Scaling). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a large scale infrastructure the logging components can easily get under high pressure as well. The typical sign of this is when `fluentd` can not handle its buffer directory size growth for more then the configured or calculated (timekey + timekey_wait) flush interval. In this case, we can scale out the [fluentd statefulset](./crds.md#Scaling). 
```

> 

Reviewer: Also please add the following:

_Note:_ One caveat when scaling fluentd is that when there are more then one instances sending logs to the same output, then the output will more likely receive chunks of messages out of order. Some outputs tolerate this (e.g. Elasticsearch) some do not, or requires fine tuning (e.g. Loki).

## Requirements
### Software

>  - Logging Operator requires use of Kubernetes v1.14.x and up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Logging Operator requires Kubernetes v1.14.x or later.
```

>  - For the [Helm base installation](./deploy/README.md#deploy-logging-operator-with-helm) we required Helm v2.16.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - For the [Helm base installation](./deploy/README.md#deploy-logging-operator-with-helm) we require Helm v2.16.0 or higher.
```

 
### CPU and Memory

> Hardware requirements scale based on the size of your cluster.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource requirements should be tuned according to the size of the cluster and the logging intensity of its workloads.<br>
```
